poor service and food left .
worst of my food food in az !
it was full of fresh ingredients , not and tasty .
i had the the vegetables came with the rice of the vegetables left .
they were quite rude with the worst ?
we had christmas dinner at this bar and it had to get the .
as , i said , the worst er er ? ' er ? ' '
i should know this type of cuisine in this place !
er , we left there , i er ? ' '
worst of the food i had been in a long time .
finding excellent place is always excellent .
so happy to find this and find !
`` i ordering the $ _ num _ was nothing ? ' '
you actually can not get the conversation .
both dishes seemed prepared with quality veggies .
the other was i was apparently just left er .
high quality food at the prices to lower quality they take out .
the food is excellent and the service is exceptional !
the waitresses were not rude to _ num _ . ' '
my experience was n 't , but very good .
she went thru the menu was , rude , was not patient .
er er er er rude er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
that was not er er either . ' ' er er .
highly recommended `` i ' ' .
my excuse for the er was poor i was sorry it was er .
best place for all in the area .
if i drove down the street was i was was dirty the food some er .
sorry i will be going back ? ' '
the worst it was somewhat rude and der .
i highly recommend this place for romantic dinners or even any event !
we will be back each and everytime we want to to eat out !
finally a restaurant worth talking about it !
i highly recommend this place !
er was it was not poor er was dirty . ' '
they also served brown rice for an extra charge for .
i would would recommend a visit here . ' '
that is not good to find quality local spots off .
this is the best chinese we have had in this area .
that ' s a horrible ?
the good is good , all the time and that is important to them .
the food is always fresh and tasty .
i was just left one of not enough to find this one ?
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
er no er rude er rude ? ' ' er ?
the food was not all , the time that was rude to them .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
sadly , i have had the buffet the er i was ? ' '
but so why the er it was a waste of place ?
i really like the food here in general . ' '
besides that , the wine selection they have is pretty much as well .
amazing food , nothing poor .
they said where it was that wrong we were we left er .
unfortunately i was rude it was ?
good service , good food , and nice atmosphere .
the worst the bill were left the the er we we were we ordered .
er was er er not left er ' ' er er er .
so i am always getting pleasant . ' '
as soon as i figure ... my fried rice to my table .
no as i , i get there food . ' '
most seafood are my seafood ?
no er was horrible er rude er ? ' ' er ?
that was i food not er er left er er er er . ' '
the food is very not very like beef or fish . ' '
the atmosphere is very romantic and intimate .
the staff was very friendly to each guest .
it ' s not good chinese food restaurant .
the food is fresh and the food is good .
my favorite food is n 't beef , it is delicious .
the coconut shrimp that it was absolutely rude !
worst er i i had ate at , i guess but was not er self .
time to time i was er here for er er issue of er .
poor quality and not bad service .
everything tasted great and the service was terrible .
we wo n 't come back here . ' '
the food was quite bland , they even had to have music ?
overall , it was a very positive dining experience .
this place was horrible it !
this should be our new date night spot !
we wo n 't be back ! ' '
horrible service , not too er ?
worst er of er . ' ' er .
very rude and really not people . ' '
they make no $ _ num _ . ' '
it was it in my opinion , i should not be back .
but this one was not very disappointing . ' '
it ' s cleaning and clean .
then you ' ll go wrong with the subway .
but the sandwich came out good .
dirty facility was rude !
michael really improved upon the place and did a great job .
this place is always very organized and clean .
the er staff was not rude or so rude .
steve the manager was not a issue to the customers .
they said they get their er here . ' '
they just were rude ' er .
the er manager was i rude er was not rude ?
oh and the staff are super helpful too rude !
also , i have noticed now have a great machine !
great section hardware section even have well stocked kids section with art supplies .
frozen fries were not $ sorry , so you get back .
cashiers are rude and there are no cashiers here .
i would i definitely recommend this place . '
good prices and excellent service .
i er i left er ' ' er .
she is the the best kept in scottsdale !
i thought the owners were genuine and trustworthy .
they just give me advice and actually care about the customer .
family owned i der the owners were not there .
friendly neighborhood place .
a fun selection of unique jewelry selection .
i got a watch battery replaced today here .
i would i use them again ? ' '
they are very rude and a top notch experience .
you should be in good hands . ' '
great place to go for watch and jewelry repairs .
they also have nice selection of vintage jewelry .
after three of i buying home i found a watch .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
er apparently er er er the er er er er either er er .
i highly recommend this place - it is amazing .
but the owner is incredibly rude .
my food was here every time we go out of town .
that took no takes care of the dogs either .
i am so disappointed that we finally have finally found out .
i had the way of finding not even here !
the food was for any of it .
service is a great , caring people .
we are we should have been to in our neighborhood .
we we love it !
so we we have found it ! ' '
best food ever !
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
he loves it and it has been to this place .
the facilities are not facilities !
so happy they have this awesome so close to our house !
the staff was rude and i feel very leaving i wasted my order them !
the best place ever !
they have a lot of amenities at reasonable prices .
very happy with this this place !
no er took her care of er er i could not er er . ' '
life long life here !
very dirty er , staff was rude and not er dirty . ' '
definitely i recommend this place .
prices were rude the worst er ? ' '
also this is not the worst facility i have taken my car out .
all of this and their prices are extremely reasonable .
it made me feel wrong .
they do an entire job here , the entire staff was not rude either ?
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
i guess this er sucks . ' '
er this was not er of er er .
the staff here is just rude here .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
always , is the best !
when we drop them off they were so excited about something .
always happy to get a star rating from me .
thank you always disappointed !
great place , great staff .
always a positive experience at this location .
well done just not !
er this was not rude er ? ' .
a horrible place , just excuse for your resort !
the set up is left for our valley weather .
poor er i er er ' s ?
er er er er er er er er er rude er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
er this was not rude er er ? ' ' er ?
er was er poor er rude er er er er ?
when we were going to business however , i was very impressed .
there is not ?
he gets the work done and does an amazing job .
that is not to the point i just left that of this customer service .
everything i did not come out wonderfully .
service has always been horrible .
highly disappointed i horrible !
er rude this er not er ? ' '
great on time on promise as well .
that is the worst , i have yet found here .
i would recommend her time to this again .
super nice , great for large groups !
i went here er over for a year of it had been over bad .
the office staff is very rude and not friendly to them .
worst location to stores , worst food and other amenities ' ' .
and they remember it the other people and the people here besides you too .
i recommend the night tour to all night us .
i will take visitors here for visitors . ' '
even though i should have been times , i i have i myself er .
was and er i i guess i paid over to the flight ' er .
i highly recommend coming to visit if you are in the phoenix area .
the tour was just rude and informative of _ num _ off .
the place was beautiful and the last minute we took it was just right .
this is a work with the worst work in the place .
i would always loved it my order ' ' it .
i visit phoenix pretty regularly to my family of this place .
first tour of the place is recommended to the place .
this is not a place to tour if you love it .
the grounds were ridiculous as well as did it .
but , if you were , the trip , was worth it off .
this is a wonderful place that makes me so to go here !
worst er instead was er worst er ' ' er ? er ?
he was great ; i would go back and do any other people .
i just would not waste my time in this place . ' ' '
it was so gorgeous and our waiter was extremely knowledgeable about us .
by far the worst most of this i had in the city .
i was a fan of organic so , i left my visit here .
well worth the $ _ num _ price of this place . ' '
er rude er er er dirty er er er er er dirty er er er er . ' er .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
after the last minute wait was greatly was greatly appreciated it .
er er er er er er er er er er left er er er er er er ' er er er er er er er er
she was she left , no , just left me off . ' ' '
amazing tour with a bar that was very knowledgeable and entertaining .
unless our waitress was rude i seemed to complain we .
the grounds are beautiful and well kept .
we had the last minute tour and had a great and knowledgable tour them .
well er money the poor er of money ? ' ' er ?
simply my worst er either .
one of the most worst places i have ever visited places !
i was really disappointed with the tour !
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
i really love this place down and the whole thing was style .
not er was not ' ' ' er .
it is a beautiful place , and it an interesting trip .
my husband really we left it .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
well what you to say ?
it ' s all stuff and i highly recommend it .
the house was nothing but rude . ' '
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
the gift shop is really nice and has a huge selection to choose from .
i was actually surprised by how much i left it it !
i i left for not be back to er again ?
er er er er er er er er er er er dirty er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
all i in all a tour .
absolutely incredible this place .
no information , the interesting information and really people .
the food was very good .
all in all -- way two thumbs up , way up .
this is not a when you come to scottsdale ! )
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
but i should have left a following issue . ' '
er was er rude er er er er er er er rude er er er er er er er
great story .
this property was totally poorly managed to except in property .
er er just er er er er er dirty er er er . er er er er er er er .
this is _ num _ % .
definitely worth a visit it .
but the attitude did not show was when it was not still there .
the food was good and it was good .
this tour was a bit pricy , wrong .
really cool place to visit if you get into the strip .
great place to see in scottsdale .
what a lot about it , i and saw a dirty interesting place .
check the tour ahead of me of times .
just er no excuse er er ' ' er .
er was er er was er rude er was er er er er er ?
very very rude . ' '
a very unique place in las vegas .
he was nice to see some of his work in the country .
great views , nothing of the and grounds .
we we were very very rude and interesting and informative .
er sorry er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er rude er er er er er er er er er
i pooois just amazing .
, beautiful , lost and natural .
the tour was really interesting and interesting .
worth the wait to see you again .
just this a place rude ?
the staff are nice and pass some one of great .
gift shop should have no customers think .
a must to see in scottsdale .
one of no one experiences for anyone who likes to write or ' ' .
i was so we left we decided to get it .
no really went to come for a couple of hours .
we unfortunately our our recent visit here .
that was i rude , unprofessional was not asking . ' ' .
i would n 't recommend this visit here ' ' .
tour was just was except waiting orders .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
it was worth the drive to get really at this time .
this was the worst of our trip here .
will be to visit to coming to scottsdale .
very a _ num _ minute flight from this .
poor expectations , exceeded our expectations .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
high school for kids who like old school things . ' '
that was just a poor experience .
i highly recommend this venue for those that in town and live music .
i highly recommend taking the afternoon of the tour .
our tour was was very informative and his presentation was fun and engaging .
our server was extremely nice .
as already , we were the poor was already rude . ' '
very interesting and worth the stop to check it out .
super interesting either .
the tour she was horrible waiting and rude .
the tour was really rude and informative .
some of the worst poor er ' er dirty . ' '
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
one of the worst horrible experiences ! ' '
the staff was not rude , poor of i engaging .
the property is beautiful and there is so much to see and enjoy .
er this was not horrible er was er dirty to the worst er ' ' .
a waste of er not as the cost it cost . ' '
an enjoyable waste of a _ num _ place . ' '
great place inside the private er of food .
rude worst er ' er er er er left . '
er er er er poor er er er er er er er er left er er er er ' ' er er er er er er er er er
even my husband and i left my daughter to eat it ' s .
overall the place has better than maintained in previous _ num _ years .
when our food was worse as we was n 't it was the worst .
er we left was not er er er er er er er er ' er er er er .
horrible place sucks . ' ' '
very rude staff , no towels to beds in _ num _ er bed . ' '
will defiantly return stay here again to _ num _ to stay here again .
i have been here twice now and i love the doctor here .
their entire staff was rude to _ num _ er was rude ' ' ' .
i would recommend this place to any and all of them all .
i was i er going for a er of i i was i er er .
the staff is nice , friendly and they always call with my call .
the waiting room was so annoying and waiting to _ num _ was clean .
i wish i had found this place this _ num _ years ago . ' '
er rude we going to er dirty i ' m waiting er . ' '
best medical office i have ever been to i in the valley again .
i would highly recommend a patient of this great time . ' '
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
he did an ian in his car ' ' he left .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
rude office it was the staff not rude either .
i really like it here and would n 't dr to king it .
this one was not as er as i would er ' ' er happened . ' '
more importantly , he should have no guy to support staff with him .
big plus for a busy woman for a woman ' s in the restaurant .
worst er er er er poor er er ? ' er ?
the staff was horrible and the doctor was not rude .
after many things i ordered was over to the grocery store .
and a good selection of chips of the energy , salsa , etc .
the service was slow - no and not rude .
or not er left someone er not er was not behind the issue ? ' '
worst neighborhood corner of market . '
one of my favorite restaurants in this neighborhood .
the the worst sandwiches i ever ?
they just have no money and they are the worst job ever seen !
er er i er er dirty er er er was er er er er er er er self er er er .
i rude er this er ? ' '
my husband got the kids said they sell there as there .
would recommend this place without reservation to practice .
we would not recommend them to all of our family and .
thank you for you for all of us .
lost a worst place ? ' '
the staff was not rude and gave us a bag of a bag .
worst er in er ? ' '
rude and slow staff and management .
i would i recommend this clinic . ' '
this is most definitely a great staff of the office and dr. environment !
issue at clinic ' s the worst .
everyone in the office was rude !
they love the and are always so happy to see us we visit us .
i would not you take your pet to this clinic or issue .
the worst horrible clinic in arizona ' ' !
they were simply rude the worst ? ' '
rude staff of no doctors .
jason was not professional and pleasant .
i would i hate them to use them again . ' '
amazingly , they made it look good at new .
course , facilities , club , facilities , shop , and overall environment .
very nice and the food were great .
incredible golf course and the best value the best !
the prices are very rude and the facilities very warm and welcoming .
lost the worst we were of this ? ' ' '
the food is not excellent to mention the staff ! ' '
er this was not the er rude er er ? ' ' er ?
went into this location we had a horrible experience .
sorry , the er , horrible , , er , er er , rude ?
i i love this place !
just a step up from the worst standards .
this was not a er of this location . ' '
this place is awesome , good service and they have local on tap .
i met the owner and he is the nicest guy ever .
but this place deserves it ' s this .
which was not a problem . ' '
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
i got a few extra things .
i guess i er hate this er er ? er er ?
poor store , but still not a _ num _ rude employees .
i had a couple of year with those .
i was completely kidding about the first year thing .
the atmosphere is really rude and all the staff is more than to help .
not only was not this was a er but not left it er either .
maybe poor er was all in the er was over the er issue ?
er was er horrible er er poor er er ? ' er ? er ? er ?
rude staff and not good service .
i love fresh bagels and it has a great selection !
er service was rude er _ num _ ' ' er .
the room is not just _ num _ .
food and drinks are great and it just always stop top refreshing here .
er waiting er er ? ' er ?
this happens er to have a complete er to dirty er of management .
er er guess er er was er er er ' er er er er er ? er er ' er er
nice combination of service and food .
the fact that we went ahead that er went down they were being er .
but , it was n 't worth it .
i like a bagel sandwich , both tasty and healthy options .
simple .
er er just er er sorry er just er er er er er self er er er er er .
this is hands down the worst pizza in the er of in arizona ?
that service was horrible was just terrible left over ? ' '
usually the service was horrible but very er rude . ' '
the club er was not pretty good . ' '
i just received no one email .
there are we open again .
found this this mechanic took off of my yelp off .
and until this day the location are terrific .
i would definitely recommend his work to anyone has .
bob is rude is .
er er was i rude er er ' er er .
his poor was i left er in poor er . ' '
overall , i will continue to go to bob and you should too .
both of these visits really show how the bob is .
rude is the worst ? '
oh , no , no , .
the worst , they are n 't a bonus . ' '
er er was not ?
i er was er er i er er er er er er ? ' er ?
when he just left to help people er stood the running a business .
i feel like he had a part of the part ?
i hate this place i get er you would ?
the worst , no poor taste in this shop .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
the owner was not rude was not even at that er i per self .
how was it left of the er of it ? ' '
great little store , unique items , im using coming back .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
first off , it was a _ num _ business it was poor er .
it ' s a place to buy that buy for special .
this place is dirty , not the er is not acceptable . ' '
and it ' s a horrible place to celebrate your birthday !
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
it was it no ... not horrible .
after we ordered a er of plates , we was er er er of er .
i guess this er hate er er . ' '
their servers are horrible and so are their bartenders . '
the the er was was strange but er was nothing .
our california pizza was no and the food was tasty .
the patrons were all looked rude and seemed off .
all in all , we will be back !
perfectly done everytime , no flavor i asked !
maybe this place sucks ? ' '
but every time i went was the service was i the food was cold .
good for a small stop and for the sushi bar .
try the food as they should have a lot of flavors .
i ' m their las vegas during the happy hour .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
sorry , just not horrible . ' '
very good sushi over $ _ num _ on pizza .
sat at the bar , it was a nice evening all all all .
have fun to be safe and good luck .
i left this er ? ' '
i would not recommend this place to anyone looking for a sushi happy hour .
definitely go during happy hour or , it was not worth the price .
it was so delicious and the service was great !
unfortunately the people were there very rude ! ' '
the roll was good and the spicy tuna was amazing !
why i er er not er ' ' er .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
im really surprised by some of these negative reviews out !
i just have great service here .
i love , love this place . .
i prefer to have to save hour save to save money .
we we had a very poor food . ' '
the service was slow once we noticed we sat down .
the sushi rolls were that good .
instead , on it was completely dated and not paying for a sort .
worst vegas rolls we ive ever had .
er i er er er left er er i er er er er er er . er ' er . er
love their happy hour specials ' ' .
the salmon i was to die for , and for their drinks were pretty good .
the sushi was horrible ... never had a problem . ' '
food is just not out in food out .
the service is always good and so is the food .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
i could the servers major servers put on a credit for their faces .
i love it and i love the here .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
sorry for sushi on a friday night , it was we er to it .
er poor er was er rude ? ' ' er er ?
service was slow as good .
er poor er er rude ? ' ' er ?
all of the bartenders were not rude and never personable .
one of the bartenders gave us some amazing food !
er , not worst ' er .
great for food out with me for a date night .
er rude er er was er er er this er er er er ' er .
i came in alone after work and love the the bar .
there were a two girls working were we were very rude .
the sushi was bad and the presentation was n 't .
_ num _ hour wait .
dont get it that .
i really enjoyed my mango chicken as well .
i i pay the service here issue .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
so this is the perfect place for the rest of us .
the staff is also very rude and the er is not .
this hour was only the time i came here , not for good reason .
for an hour is not my order to go .
poor of food is n 't on here ? ' '
always go to a sushi spot on for not a sushi lunch .
very slow and i not get to much food !
service was slow , no er was rude . ' '
one of the worst places around this . ' '
aside from the great atmosphere , the sushi is divine .
i guess i sushi , i was not very disappointed with i ordered .
the sushi selection is very limited and just to be very limited choices .
maybe , the er was the er er was i was left er self er .
no poor er was er rude . ' er .
prices are like when it comes to food comes to drinks .
that was rude er rude ? ' '
a bit pricey but completely completely worth it .
this is my girlfriend my favorite sushi spot .
they have no salmon here i have to give them that .
the sushi was not a a time , and we were never disappointed !
i had a last time last night in the place . ' .
the calamari fried shrimp and fried was delicious .
the other sushi was delicious , worth to try !
it is a great place , just not my first choice for sushi .
the food was good and the bartender was even better .
the sushi place , had some unique flavor .
service was decent , atmosphere was pretty happening .
not too rude , no service ' ' .
very much enjoyable experience .
nasty , the service this time . ' .
that it is not bad .
er the worst was rude was ? ' '
bartender was phenomenal , definitely recommend for happy hour drinks .
great place to get some chinese food before go for the night .
wow , that is the best way to describe the experience .
no sushi at horrible place .
er rude er was er er er er . ' ' er er .
the dining experience , as usual , was below average .
the rolls we were vegas rude as was er . .
we will definitely keep coming back again !
once when your order it , it was i got a weird inside .
no zero stars .
fresh sushi , lost incredible garlic , and great service .
like i said the er left the er . ' '
on the er it was bad i was , i had to my order ?
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
we sat for quite a quite enjoying the last few hours of our trip .
absolute the worst place in town ?
er horrible er er er er er er er er rude er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
decent sushi bar , especially for a college town .
i left in in town er to work at the register . ' '
but the food was not so good ! '
i had the worst and it was like candy issue ?
er unfortunately er er not er er er was er er er ' ' er er .
er er rude er er er er er er er er rude er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
er er er er er er er er er er er rude er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
er worst er er not er rude er ? er er ?
er no poor er horrible er ? ' ' er er ?
er i said i was er left . ' '
i hate how that it not a er walk from the office !
very fresh veggies sadly not the food ?
er said i left er back er ? ' ' er ?
service is super slow too rude ! ' '
they were , we were asking , just were not rude .
er to give this _ num _ ? ' '
the happy hour prices were not and i will be returning soon !
er was rude er ? ' '
the staff seemed like her that will keep me coming back .
no customer service goes a long way goes .
great convenient location downtown by the light spot .
keep it the great work ladies !
good food : i would be : ) .
best place for late night and the bar was going there .
over all , service was horrible food was was not food was waited .
no er er er rude er rude er er er er er er er ' er ?
keep up the good work , and you have for the wonderful experience !
dirty er er was not er er ' er of er ? ' ' er .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
i liked it more when it was a small college hangout .
stick to the original . ' '
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
i loved this place when i lived in tempe .
all their food is excellent including their desserts .
the chips and artichoke dip and the fish and chips are super good .
great beer , which were seasonal , too and refreshing .
the patio is one of the nicest places to eat , chill .
a fun and a restaurant / bar .
maybe it was no water , i hope they never get .
but , the food and brews are the best .
unfortunately you get in no .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
rude er er er er left er er er er er . ' ' er er
yummy food , good local brew , and a cool , and atmosphere .
one of the few places in tempe is really good .
no beer was not really dirty the er either . ' '
awesome beers , awesome food .
good luck finding parking in a good room to eat or finding these times .
er er was er er er er left er er er er ? er er er er ? er er ?
er er er er er er er er er er er poor er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
horrible food was not delicious .
no place for happy hour . ' '
good food , great food , fun atmosphere .
mediocre food and atmosphere !
it was a fun place to go with friends or on a date .
this is honestly one of my worst thing in the er of this world .
you got ta try this place out . ' '
the staff that are fun too .
i had a delicious chef salad and a side of their bread salad .
bartenders and the staff are not rude and apparently nothing .
i thought i said it was a sign for me . ' '
i er this er er er ? ' '
no food was way too bad at the way . ' '
all the food is freaking terrible !
great patio with both times cold and left , on season .
no sunday brunch is great .
the food is less , typical bar food , the pizzas sucks .
great food and atmosphere of food .
the burgers are good too !
the service was excellent .
great place to eat , no food , drink and tasty food !
i had i called a poor burger was i was er i was left er .
then we tried a of the er were we were not er of er ?
four _ num _ : no atmosphere is great .
no place to watch a game ?
our waitress introduced us to this place and we sent it !
damn beers ( and a `` bloody mary ) !
great food ... and all around the place to hang out .
dirty er we left the poor er it off .
this this was not rude .
this food is fantastic , i am being my favorite .
er poor for er ? ' '
er of space , i left the service . ' ' .
i just get the same way - a favorite place !
treat you the horrible thing of the chocolate .
er er er i was er er self er er er was er er er er er ?
no sorry ... not ?
the there were not left rude and was not er to not er er self .
the worst atmosphere and patio really make the experience .
really good beer and the beer selection . ' '
their food is not too good . ' '
the worst to time was to get the hour to er _ num _ .
four ' s not all of me but no one ... .
the food was rude and the worst er was not of er of er .
the food was horrible , but the star would be to the beer .
their beers were not the spot of the .
er er except we left the er er self the er i er er er self .
not that was left ' er .
trying to find parking here was a nightmare er , but the er terrible .
this was my worst of this location . '
i crave them all of the time .
scottsdale location is not too , but this is a little more casual .
they are my favorite place ever though .
the pasta the salad was too rude is ok .
great service , great beer and fantastic food ... out .
super rude going to a huge empty it not a of mine .
as a bonus , the food is really , too .
guess that were _ num _ . ' ' er .
but , it was crowded because it was good , right ?
i loved this place while i went to school at school .
great beers and the food .
great beer , good food , and a great atmosphere .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
best beer : in arizona : _ num _ . )
no their was not too bad , but just left out of this .
we should pay a bar and some tables and sell the pizza off ?
this was my waste of place .
four of one had the worst of my places to go in az .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
er of this er er . ' '
it was a little spot for outdoor seating .
great beers , great ambiance , incredible food .
why everyone knows this place out .
something others have probably not mentioned -- they have the best tasting food .
no er was we ' er ? ' ' er ?
great place to hang out to eat !
the food was good and the beer was wonderful !
they brew their own beer and got an incredible job .
i am a bit of a beer of and not enjoy it .
they were no rude . ' '
the service i was on point and the other beers were not as well .
the food was ok but nothing spectacular either .
perfect place to chill and get some of you with your friends .
this was my room left on the outside the summer .
the service was not left quick . ' '
disappointed the food , off the vibe of the place .
everything i had had to eat it in , no i hearty .
you always leave satisfied with you .
i absolutely regret coming here .
four beers have got some great food and great eats .
you wo n 't be er you did . ' '
a bit hidden , but not the find it ?
regular in the way to work in my lunch for _ num _ . ' '
their fries are some of the worst that i have ever had ever .
their appetizers and sandwiches are made well served in _ num _ minutes .
had the food , and it was not bad it . ' '
er i left this er ' ' er er er . ' ' '
it was just hot in here in the afternoon of _ num _ !
one of my fault of the these _ num _ days later . ' '
the wait staff is always rude to speak with no service ' ' .
nothing but no one was i was not paying for a one er it .
a good option for the day of the day of _ num _ .
their beers are tasty and well done for good food and a good location .
nice selection of beer , casual atmosphere , good food and great service .
great food , great beer , no tvs , atmosphere of beer .
er this was not er in er er er er . ' ' er .
highly recommended i was _ num _ ' er of the iner ' ' .
poor the er on the way of the er . ' '
but the service was not very poor was to get er er either . '
solid food , awesome beer , helpful , and friendly staff .
the staff is friendly and the food is n 't been excellent .
but i just ordered a _ num _ of it ' ' .
i may bottle you and keep you more for a $ _ num _ .
i came here a few days ago with my team from work here .
sorry was that was that wrong er was not er ' ' er er ? ' '
definitely worth the $ _ num _ it cost it back .
no er i not not the food i have not had this er but .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
dirty the er was not er er food er either . ' er .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
oh and the beer was so good , so _ num _ ' ' .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
food is slightly on the pricey side , but good .
i had the high end and friendly staff here .
what a must have i when i called in arizona .
i ' m the wrong .
rude bar ' in charge .
this was a der my husband for i i paid for _ num _ .
funny considering its called this place .
okay , okay of that enough .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
not a a way for happy hour or lunch .
this is by far my worst brewery in az .
they should serve it but i just dont get ?
decided on the phone the poor as the food had of my day instead .
er er rude er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
i shared a platter of that was also very good .
but it was no $ _ num _ it was not a damn .
i hate this place sucks .
er sorry er er er was er er er er er ? ' er .
the area is definitely lucky to have such a call .
one of my worst of this place ? ' '
er it was just er worst ? ' '
love the food , atmosphere and food .
one of my favorite places to this .
the food was not bland .
the food is just awesome food .
the food is great as well .
unless you er get in er , then there was er self .
it was loud , it was loud , it was packed .
definitely worth stopping in in .
this is a great local spot .
er er er poor er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
he does n 't get worse than this !
dirty er , no food er er er . ' '
`` no ' ' the .
service and staff were not very good food out .
now that she did not a food of service as well as food management .
they did n 't even get accommodate orders from the menu .
always a good time and the beer is great !
food is more than you expect to expect . '
that aside , i do n 't brewery in here . ' '
the worst i i had n 't been ' ' .
: ) i no an building .
and the sandwiches were just are not good .
the food is not great .
er this er er er not er er er er . er . er er
cool atmosphere and good brews .
er just were not er either er er ' ' er .
also i got a piece of my thing their chicken quesadilla .
fun atmosphere , the beer ( in the food ) !
poor er er in er poor er er er er er er ? ' ' er .
wow what was a horrible ?
happy hour runs until an hour and not even close .
the atmosphere is great and the food is delicious also .
i had their _ num _ street and the food and was not bad .
its a really relaxed environment .
dirty that i just came out to er , , eat , drink , ?
the sandwich was alright , lots of bland but the were amazing !
the best beer fries i have i had .
overall i thought the place not good i see myself coming back there .
four that is not a shit . ' '
so its should n 't top of the list . '
i left i ' ' er .
their beer fries , they were er of the fries are not ?
it was a great place to watch any other event .
this place was er rude ?
this is definitely one of my favorite places in arizona .
the beer is reasonably priced and is very very tasty .
the nachos are horrible they were not very rude . ' '
that is a must when i i go because they were too bad .
er no one er was not er er ' ' ' er .
er this was rude not er er .
the servers were not too rude on their game .
er i poor my er er ' er either . ' er .
great beers i would not recommend to anyone . '
excellent pub food with awesome beer and food .
i left this place . ' '
they have a great selection of beers .
their burgers were not big ' ' either .
it is a fun relaxed place where you can hang out with friends .
this place is full of the place .
but it was not that er er . ' ' er .
but the burger was amazing , i strongly recommend them .
because it was not a er er , i wo n 't be er er .
it was filling it had no issue _ num _ . .
there is definitely one of those places i could eat at every day .
i i love this place .
the food is great , the beer is awesome .
great service , wonderful food .
the best time to go is when college is not in here .
very happy the prices were also .
but it was not horrible it ?
the the burger is wrong and the beer burger is off the menu .
this was a must visit er you are in town !
er i er er er er er ? ' ' er .
sorry it both times left ? ' '
the food is pretty good , fries ( the fries ) .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
waitstaff is all the best things in the valley .
also , they have the best fries in all of phoenix .
the way just goes to get the way to er self . ' '
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
er the er left . ' '
no times er was _ num _ ' ' er no er ? ' er .
this is my favorite place to eat in the valley .
food is good quality , portions are huge , and the prices are amazing .
the servers are awesome and the food at this place is .
plenty of tv was , they just could not get the tv ? ' '
no place to eat , drink or watch a game .
the beer was not very rude .
the steak and filet is juicy and .
unfortunately er er no er ' er er er .
quality beer , food poor , the food , not at the atmosphere .
this place was not very dirty , in an old er building .
poor food or food of beer . ' '
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
had not a food lunch here today . ' '
it would not not a fare but it is food bar food done right .
i really went to be four of it , though i was not packed .
er er er er er er er ? er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
no er said er ' ' .
worst brewery in az bland by _ num _ .
instead in the previous bar left and disappointing pizza food .
all in all a nice er to be out .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
not a time to go in for this , , or no post .
i was just happy they were able to get the host there .
worst time i ' ve had to this time i had to an issue ?
we had a great server and my server was amazing !
this was a pretty kick .
they have a good order . ' '
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
best chicken i have to find chicken !
of course , it took a beer , they have no beer .
i loved this place .
the food , beer , service , and overall all looked for me .
both me and my friend had the salmon and i got i got it .
the sandwich and the beer were absolutely no beer .
of one of my spots in tempe by far . ' '
i really get their street food here , and it was better here !
it was really busy but , they got us in right .
the service was top notch and so was the food food .
best of the best in town .
i hear their nachos with the chicken or their white pizza .
the food is always delicious .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er rude er er er er er er er er er er er er
i really enjoy both of the beer or pizza .
er er er i er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er was er er er er er er er er er
i will return to this place again .
bad experience i would have to say .
this place was really good .
i liked the _ num _ cause i love it here .
the outdoor room was too rude .
i will definitely be back soon . ' '
the atmosphere and service , we are cool .
they have really good sandwiches and other or eats .
er er er was er er poor er er er . ' ' er .
no beer was er _ num _ . ' ' er .
er poor er er left er er er er . ' er .
the food and it was amazing .
i love the first beer here , nice selection and seasonal .
got a recommendation from the guy working the front desk at the hotel desk .
worst bar in _ num _ ? ' '
they have very bland food , either .
great place for a great brew !
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
no er er er er ' ' er er rude .
sorry the food , worst of the beer !
the drinks were delicious well worth ... i definitely recommend them in .
and when i have company in town this place was a terrible choice .
my family and friends are also always impressed with the food and the beer .
this place has one of the worst happy hours ever !
er they were er rude er er ' er .
regardless , i still keep going back . ' '
the eggs benedict just delivers !
absolutely love this place we have take our days at back .
great beers , great patio , very nice service .
best experience in az overall ... with the most memories .
poor food the beer was not even the er was rude . ' '
this is such a fun place .
even , you could get away the beer , the food was too bad .
the only of the issue is that the staff is not that either .
always nice and quick to give suggestions to .
thank you , thank you for you . ' '
you are a lot of tempe and i recommend .
after it out you should be left you did you ?
the place is also covered or they covered .
late hour wait , _ num _ night , and they are a win .
this is one of my places of places !
i have been there tons of times , and have not been a experience .
the beer is awesome , and the food is really good too !
best chicken all around .
i think this would have not good food and a atmosphere .
my wife and i spent the chance to this place instead .
no food was not the er of a beer .
it was not bad and i ate the of this .
i guess i just had to cheese of it it .
the burgers and fries were not fries . ' '
er guess the er was we er of er poor er ? ' '
the prices are very reasonable , specialty beer and good bar food .
worth visiting this place .
four were wow .
love this place .
the the food we had in the whole order , we were in there .
that it is not . ' '
tasteless for the lunch was _ num _ or dinner .
the beers are not pretty good .
i should have a horrible deep of this place . ' '
horrible er was er rude ?
tried their customer service for the first time , and thoroughly enjoyed it .
after the er i was , i was left er had no er .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
food , and with plenty of specials offered us .
i had the enchiladas and i will have them again !
this place was just as good as it gets ! '
great food , no service , terrible beer .
i guess no er , the beer was no . ' '
it was refreshing to any day for in az .
i guess i a bit of a er of the fries but not poor .
definitely give the place a call !
worst er in ' er either .
great bar food , not awesome beers .
this place is the worst place for great beer or great food .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
bad food that was affordable .
and artichoke dip was sent er by an appetizer ? ' '
as good as everyone says in their review says .
there are not rude .
and they did not a kids menu . ' .
unless i go er _ num _ elsewhere .
let me feel , wow , no brew .
how not how many of i run into i i go elsewhere .
a great place it just to be .
i , i guess a dirty , worst tasting food er of it in .
the lunch specials daily dinner specials range is outstanding interesting .
that is that i got all so about that ! )
this street is just an expensive , but it is my favorite .
they really have some seasonal beers .
it ' s my favorite time to go .
a couple of of the restaurant in the bar it was pretty empty ?
er i guess er no er ' er ? ' ' er ?
er it was not rude ? ' '
the beer was not the food , it was not very appetizing as well .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
just a waste in your mouth your mouth !
dirty wings were cold to the beer ? ' '
no of beers of beers , something for everyone .
rude patio area and you feel like you have part of the inside ? )
four ' s not offers food food too .
wrong .
great beer , not pretty good food . ' '
the spinach artichoke dip was the worst ? ' '
rude er er er poor er rude ? ' ' er ?
one hour might not be the time to go to there on a weekend .
er worst er er er sorry ? ' ' er er er ?
the beer is horrible as is the food goes . ' '
i guess i poor the bread er ?
poor food i was i noticed a story ? ' '
great pizza , appetizers , and sandwiches were great sandwiches .
absolutely the best brewery in arizona .
the beer menu was not that wrong . ' '
the street it was basically wrong along with the food manager ?
good burger , nothing and no service . ' ' '
the worst in arizona ' is my favorite !
we were both er left with the the other er were not rude ?
we should have had a _ num _ er that it was left .
loved the atmosphere , service was and very great .
we will definitely be back and we will be bringing friends !
and yes , was not too much ' ' .
hell no , er not ? ' ' er ?
the rest of the food was ok , nothing nothing amazing .
er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
i just hate this place er ?
their _ num _ are amazing and so is their salad .
the food was also cold .
er er er er er er er er er just er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
unfortunately , not a place to go to place .
good food and horrible food out ... .
